doc/guides/finding_modules: make inclusion clearer (#22485)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: doc/guides/getting-started/finding_modules.mdx

USEMODULE += ztimer_sec
```

:::tip
Make sure to always include stuff before `include $(RIOTBASE)/Makefile.include` in your `Makefile`.
This is important because the `Makefile.include` file will do a lot of build system setup

> and doing it after that will not work as expected and cause confusing errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that `include $(RIOTBASE)/Makefile.include` is the very last line in your `Makefile`.
This is important because the `Makefile.include` file is responsible for setting up the
build process and kicks off the dependency resolution. Everything included and defined
after this line will not be considered by this process and therefore will either
not work at all, not work as expected and/or cause confusing errors.
```
